Which agreement are you selling?
It's nothing important.
Listen, we must seal the deal with Big Shot tonight.
He's one of the best players.
But we're going to have competition tonight
trying to snatch it away from us.
That... that's him.
What's wrong?
I'm fine.
Big Shot.
Here we are.
You know, I like a quick deal.
So here's how it is.
I can bring you 5% more.
I'm going to be honest, man.
Get his companies off of bird farms.
But we started negotiating first.
Why don't you take a gamble with me?
Maybe I'll give you a chance.
I'm not good at cards.
Then it's up to your luck.
I really want to waste your time.
Our company is simply invincible.
It's dishonest business practices.
You're completely disregarding this standard etiquette.
Let me meet this gamble.
Trust me.